Updated DocBlocks to correct template override location (tribe vs tri… (#2900)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

Check out our extensive [knowledgebase](https://evnt.is/18wm) for articles on using, tweaking, and troubleshooting our plugins.

== Changelog ==

> = [TDB] =

Reviewer: ```suggestion

= [TBD] TBD =

```

> * Tweak - Changed incorrect file paths in DocBlocks for template overrides for all files in src/views/tickets. [GTRIA-1170]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Changed incorrect file paths in DocBlocks for template overrides for all files in `src/views/tickets`. [ET-2004]
```
